PCMC comes up with new development plan, citizens can file objections
Other civic officials said the DP has made reservations for multi-modal hub, truck terminus, sports complexes, convention centres, gardens, playgrounds, hospitals, town hall, schools, STPs, etc.
By: Express News Service
Pune | May 16, 2025 00:47 IST

PCMC, Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation, pcmc new development plan, Pune news, Pune, Maharashtra news, Indian express news''The draft development plan was submitted by the Development Plan Unit which works under Deputy Director of Town Planning before the civic general body meeting on Wednesday,'' PCMC City Engineer Makrand Nikam told The Indian Express on Thursday.
AFTER a delay of 10 years, the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has come up with its new development plan. The draft development plan is being uploaded on the civic website for citizens to file their suggestions and objections, civic officials said.

”The draft development plan was submitted by the Development Plan Unit which works under Deputy Director of Town Planning before the civic general body meeting on Wednesday,” PCMC City Engineer Makrand Nikam told The Indian Express on Thursday.

Other civic officials said the DP has made reservations for multi-modal hub, truck terminus, sports complexes, convention centres, gardens, playgrounds, hospitals, town hall, schools, STPs, etc.

Nikam said citizens will have the right to file their objections and suggestions once the draft DP is uploaded. ”After that the civic body will conduct hearings. And then finalise the DP. It will then be sent to the state government for approval. I can’t say how much time it will be needed before the final DP is published,” he said.

Nikam said PCMC’s development plan is published every 20 years. ”In 1995, the DP was released. Again in 2005 and 2009, the civic body came up with a separate DP after some villages merged with it. In 2015, we should have come up with the DP but it was delayed due to various reasons,” he said.
